"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." — Confucius

"Either you run the day or the day runs you." — Jim Rohn

"Well done is better than well said." — Benjamin Franklin

"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." — Charles R. Swindoll

"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." — Ralph Marston

"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." — Lao Tzu

"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." — Simone de Beauvoir

"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." — Eleanor Roosevelt

"If you fell down yesterday, stand up today." — H. G. Wells

"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other." — Walter Elliot

"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." — Zig Ziglar

"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." — Mark Twain

"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." — Dalai Lama

"Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines." — Robert H. Schuller

"Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star." — W. Clement Stone

"We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us." — A. P. J. Abdul Kalam

"The most effective way to do it, is to do it." — Amelia Earhart

"Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along." — George Herbert

"No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings." — William Blake

"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." — Harriet Beecher Stowe

"It always seems impossible until it's done." — Nelson Mandela

"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best." — St. Jerome

"If you're going through hell, keep going." — Winston Churchill

"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." — Arthur Ashe

"Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do." — Pope John XXIII

"We aim above the mark to hit the mark." — Ralph Waldo Emerson

"When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor." — Elon Musk

"If you can dream it, you can do it." — Walt Disney

"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." — Theodore Roosevelt

"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." — Wayne Dyer

"There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self." — Aldous Huxley

"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." — Maya Angelou

"Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love." — Don Miguel Ruiz

"The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best." — Epictetus

"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." — Og Mandino

"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." — William Butler Yeats

"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." — Thomas A. Edison

"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." — Helen Keller

"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week." — George S. Patton

"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." — Samuel Beckett

"Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy." — Norman Vincent Peale

"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." — Aristotle

"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." — Sam Levenson

"Either I will find a way, or I will make one." — Philip Sidney

"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." — Franklin D. Roosevelt

"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." — Rabindranath Tagore

"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." — Tony Robbins

"Things do not happen. Things are made to happen." — John F. Kennedy

"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." — Les Brown

"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." — Leo Buscaglia

"Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious." — Stephen Hawking

"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." — Babe Ruth

"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can." — Nikos Kazantzakis

"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others." — Ayn Rand

"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there." — Bo Jackson

"The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power." — Unknown

"Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth." — Bradley Whitford

"Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door." — Kyle Chandler

"March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path." — Khalil Gibran

